.TH LXDM 1 "March 2010"

.SH NAME
lxdm \- LXDE Display Manager (Login screen)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lxdm
	[options]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lxdm 
is the LXDE display manager also known as login manager. It shows a graphical login screen for usernames and password and allows you to choose a desktop and language for the session. After authenticating a user it starts a session.

lxdm works with various desktops like LXDE, KDE and others.

.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B	\-d 
daemon mode
.TP
.B      \-h 
help

.SH FILES
.TP
.I	/var/log/lxdm.log
log information
.TP
.I	/etc/lxdm/Xsession
script to run as user after login of user
.TP
.I	/etc/lxdm/default.conf
configuration file for lxdm. It's a symlink to the real configuration file
(/etc/lxdm/lxdm.conf for standard lxdm, /etc/xdg/lubuntu/lxdm/lxdm.conf for
Lubuntu). See below for details of the configuration file.

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
The configuration file is /etc/lxdm/default.conf, which is a symlink to the
real configuration file. (/etc/lxdm/lxdm.conf for standard lxdm,
/etc/xdg/lubuntu/lxdm/lxdm.conf for Lubuntu).

To update the symlink, type "update\-alternative \-\-config lxdm.conf" and follow
the instructions.

.B	autologin
.TP
Enable autologin if you set autologin=user, when user is your login. Disable by default, you need to uncomment the line.
.TP

.B	session
.TP
Default session which will be started if "Default" session is provided at login. Disable by default, you need to uncomment the line.
.TP

.B	numlock
.TP
Enable numlock support. Disable by default, you need to uncomment the line.
.TP

.B	arg
.TP
Override arguments passed to the Xserver. Disable by default, you need to uncomment the line.
.TP
.B	gtk_theme
.TP
Select the gtk theme for the greeter.
.TP
.B	bg
.TP
Select the path of the background of the greeter.
.TP
.B bottom_pane
.TP
Select if the bottom panel is available. 1 to TRUE, 0 to FALSE.
.TP
.B lang
.TP
Select if the language choose if available. 1 to TRUE, 0 to FALSE.
.TP
.B theme
.TP
Select the theme for the greeter. Theme are located in /usr/share/lxdm/themes/

.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was written by Trevor Walkley <bluewater@sidux.com> for the Debian Project, but may be used by others. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete  text  of  the  GNU  General  Public License can be found in /usr/share/common\-licenses/GPL.
